feat(docs): clarify rounding, division operations and update descriptions (#3320)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/operators.mdx

#### Divide, `/` {#binary-divide}

> The binary slash (_division_) operator `/{:tact}` is used for integer division of two values. It rounds the result towards negative infinity (also known as floor division or rounding down). This means the quotient `q` is always `floor(x / y)`. The remainder `r` (where `x = q*y + r`) will have the same sign as the divisor `y` if `r` is not zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binary slash (_division_) operator `/{:tact}` is used for integer division of two values. It rounds the result towards negative infinity, which is also known as floor division or [rounding down](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rounding#Rounding_down).

The following equation holds: `x = q*y + r`, where `q` is the quotient that is always equal to `floor(x / y)` from the TVM specification, and `r` is the remainder that will have the same sign as the divisor `y` when `r` is not zero.
```

let two: Int = 2;
two / 2; // 1
two / 1; // 2

> -1 / 5;  // -1 (floor(-0.2) = -1)
> -1 / -5; // 0  (floor(0.2) = 0)
> 1 / -5;  // -1 (floor(-0.2) = -1)
> 1 / 5;   // 0  (floor(0.2) = 0)
> 6 / 5;   // 1  (floor(1.2) = 1)
> -6 / 5;  // -2 (floor(-1.2) = -2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-1 / 5;  // -1, because floor(-1 / 5) = floor(-0.2) = -1
-1 / -5; // 0,  because floor(-1 / -5) = floor(0.2) = 0
1 / -5;  // -1, because floor(1 / -5) = floor(-0.2) = -1
1 / 5;   // 0,  because floor(1 / 5) = floor(0.2) = 0
6 / 5;   // 1,  because floor(6 / 5) = floor(1.2) = 1
-6 / 5;  // -2, because floor(-6 / 5) = floor(-1.2) = -2
```
